what's up guys here in the news about a
Russia flying their jets nearest and
Pentagon saying they had to send up some
jets to send them back Putin doing that
just as a front or whatever and then now
you gotta Russia just having a drill
showing soon I guess just showing their
little mite or whatever st. all they got
but uh it's tough time since shields to
you I don't know what does right now I
mean Ukraine is on the brink he saw the
video I put out the other day about he
crane is already stationed them on the
border now you gotta Russia shutting off
their military minds right here i'll
post the whole video and then like I
said it's got a lot of Californians are
worried right now about a Putin senator
jets pretty freakin close to us and we
had to send some jets out to let them
know but man it's heating up I don't
know what the end is going to be but
it's a something to think about as the
West carefully watches Russian moves in
the Ukraine crisis and Air Force general
sounding a warning about Russian
military maneuvers he says Russia is
ramping up its air activity over the
Pacific Ocean to even making claims a US
fighter jet intercepted a Russian
aircraft over Guam kcal 9 political
reporter Dave Bryan is live at USC with
the story for us fit well Lena Sylvia we
talked to a Russian expert here just a
short while ago it works in the Center
for International Studies he says
Russian President Vladimir Putin is now
sort of poking the u.s. testing to see
what the response will be militarily but
primarily economically but the news
nonetheless must be very unsettling for
many Californians general Hawk Carlisle
when US Air Force general Herbert Hawk
Carlisle spoke this week in Washington
DC he delivered a chilling message for
Californians the Russians are coming